Add term entry scrollTo [#6104] (https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/issues/6104) (#6129)
Codecademy/docs: content/javascript/concepts/window/terms/scrollTo/scrollTo.md

---
Title: 'scrollTo()'
Description: 'The JavaScript `window.scrollTo()` method allows programmatic scrolling of a webpage to a specific position.'

> Subjects:
>   - 'Web Development'
>   - 'Computer Science'
>   - 'Developer Tools'

Reviewer: Please maintain alphabetical order for Subjects.
```suggestion
Subjects:
  - 'Computer Science'
  - 'Developer Tools'
  - 'Web Development'
```

> Tags:
>   - 'Window Functions'
>   - 'Browser Compatibility'
>   - 'JavaScript'
>   - 'UI'
>   - 'DOM Manipulation'

Reviewer: A few tags are not present in the [list](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/tags.md) of tags. Please make the changes and maintain alphabetical order.
```suggestion
Tags:
  - 'Browser Compatibility'
  - 'DOM'
  - 'UI'
  - 'Window Functions'
```

> CatalogContent:
>   - 'introduction-to-javascript'
>   - 'paths/create-a-back-end-app-with-javascript'

Reviewer: The path is incorrect according to [this](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/catalog-content.md) document. Please make the correction.
```suggestion
CatalogContent:
  - 'introduction-to-javascript'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
```

---

> The `window.scrollTo()` method in JavaScript allows developers to programmatically scroll the window to a specified set of coordinates. This function provides smooth scrolling and is commonly used for navigation purposes within a webpage.

Reviewer: The definition is almost correct. For improving the technical correctness, I suggest:
```suggestion
The `window.scrollTo()` method in JavaScript allows developers to programmatically scroll the window to a specified set of coordinates. It is commonly used for navigation purposes within a webpage and provides options for instant and smooth scrolling.
```

> ### Syntax

Reviewer: Syntax must be H2.
```suggestion
## Syntax
```

```js
window.scrollTo(x - coord, y - coord);

// OR using an options object
window.scrollTo({
  top: y - coord,
  left: x - coord,
  behavior: 'smooth', // 'auto' (default) | 'smooth'

> });

Reviewer 2: Try breaking it in two parts like this - 

```
Here’s the syntax for using `window.scrollTo()` in JavaScript:

```pseudo
window.scrollTo(x, y);
```

- `x`: The horizontal pixel value to scroll to.
- `y`: The vertical pixel value to scroll to.

### Using an Options Object

```pseudo
window.scrollTo({
  top: y,      // Vertical position (in pixels)
  left: x,     // Horizontal position (in pixels)
  behavior: 'smooth' // 'auto' (default) | 'smooth'
});
```

- `top`: The vertical position to scroll to.
- `left`: The horizontal position to scroll to.
- `behavior`: Defines whether scrolling should be instant ('auto') or animated ('smooth').
```

```

> ### Example Usage

Reviewer: Please refer to the template [here](https://github.com/Codecademy/docs/blob/main/documentation/term-entry-template.md). 
```suggestion
## Example
```

The following example demonstrates how `window.scrollTo()` can be used to scroll the page to the top when a button is clicked:

```html
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html lang="en">
  <head>
    <meta charset="UTF-8" />
    <meta name="viewport" content="width=device-width, initial-scale=1.0" />
    <title>Scroll to Top Example</title>
  </head>
  <body>
    <h1>Example of window.scrollTo()</h1>
    <p style="height: 1500px;">
      Scroll down and click the button to go back to the top.
    </p>
    <button onclick="window.scrollTo({ top: 0, behavior: 'smooth' })">
      Scroll to Top
    </button>
  </body>
</html>

> ```

Reviewer 2: You should include an image(gif)/video output as well here.
